Feat: AI Prompt Template plugin (#598)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/ai-prompt-template/index.md

  - model
---

The AI Prompt Template plugin lets you provide tuned AI prompts to users. 
Users only need to fill in the blanks with variable placeholders in the following format: `{% raw %}{{variable}}{% endraw %}`. 

This lets admins set up templates, which can then be used by anyone in the organization. It also allows admins to present an LLM
as an API in its own right - for example, a bot that can provide software class examples and/or suggestions.

This plugin also sanitizes string inputs to ensure that JSON control characters are escaped, preventing arbitrary prompt injection.

{% include plugins/ai-plugins-note.md %}

## How it works

> When activated, the template restricts LLM usage to just those pre-defined templates. They are defined in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When activated, the template restricts LLM usage to the predefined templates. They are defined in the following format:
```

```yaml
- name: sample-template
  template: |-
    {
      "messages": [
        {
          "role": "user",
          "content": "Explain to me what {% raw %}{{thing}}{% endraw %} is."
        }
      ]
    }
```

> When calling a template, simply replace the content of `messages` (`llm/v1/chat`) or `prompt` (`llm/v1/completions`) with a template reference, using the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling a template, replace the content of `messages` (`llm/v1/chat`) or `prompt` (`llm/v1/completions`) with a template reference, using the following format:
```
